Added Nuxt starter guide (#114)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: guides/nuxtjs-starter-guide/index.mdx

---
_schema: guide-item
_uuid: "af4eccad-9425-4d97-9c3d-3325b7699d41"
_created_at: "2023-06-22 06:54:28 +0000"
title: "Introduction"
nav_title: "Introduction"
order: 1
published: true
image: "/documentation/static/CloudCannonDocumentationog.jpg"
description: "This guide will walk through the steps required to get your Nuxt site built, editable and live on CloudCannon."
tags: []
related_articles: null
related_links: null
guide_listing:
  show_on_index: true
  category: Starter Guides
---

Nuxt is a popular web framework that lets you build websites and applications with Vue.js. Nuxt has comprehensive tooling allowing it to be used as an SSG to create fully static sites.
CloudCannon makes it easy to store your content in your Git Repository and have non-developers update it. There's no need to teach people about front matter, markdown or Git.

> To get the best and "most easy to mesh with cloudcannon" experience, we recommend that you build your Nuxt site with the [Nuxt Content](https://content.nuxtjs.org/) module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the best and "easiest to mesh with Cloudcannon" experience, we recommend that you build your Nuxt site with the [Nuxt Content](https://content.nuxtjs.org/) module.
```

Author: Ooops that was placeholder copy that I forgot to replace 😅
